DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/new-relic-apm/maintenance/record-monitor-deployments.mdx

title: Record and monitor deployments
tags:
  - APM
  - Maintenance
translate:
  - jp

> metaDescription: 'To set up deployment notifications for apps monitored by APM, use webhooks, APM agent-specific options, or New Relic''s REST API.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: To set up deployment notifications for apps monitored by APM, use webhooks, APM agent-specific options, or New Relic''s REST API.
```
